Add download diagnostic report (#278)
openshift/openshift-origin-design: web-console/future-openshift/diagnostics/diagnostics.md

# Generating Diagnostic Report

Users can download a cluster diagnostic report based on must-gather tool for upload to Red Hat Support or their own diagnostics.

## Accessing 'Generate Report' actions

There are several ways the user can access the `Generate (diagnostics) report` action.

### Via the masthead help menu
![Masthead help click](img/1-1a-clusterdash-startdownload.png)
![Masthead help menu](img/1-1b-clusterdash-startdownload.png)

> ### Via the cluster dashboard status card kebab menu

Reviewer: just a note, in the 4.3 timeframe the "filter alerts" is not going to be present in the dashboard so it can not be integrated here. We can keep the design for 4.4 though.

Author: Thanks, removed the filter from this 4.3 design.

![Cluster dashboard status card kebab click](img/1-2a-clusterdash-startdownload.png)
![Cluster dashboard status card kebab menu](img/1-2b-clusterdash-startdownload.png)

### Via a cluster dashboard status card message action
![Cluster dashboard status card message click](img/5-1-clusterdash-CNVerror.png)

> - The cluster dashboard will soon support warning messages to notify the user that CNV or OCS are degraded. From these messages the user will be able to immediately `Generate report` using the action link within the message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In the future, the cluster dashboard will support warning messages to notify the user that CNV or OCS are degraded. From these messages the user will be able to immediately `Generate report` using the action link within the message.
```

Reviewer 3: We might want to remove the word "immediately" from here since clicking the action button opens the modal rather than immediately starting generation.

> - This access point is unique in that when the dialog is launched, it will already be scoped to the related product for which the message it was launched from is related to. In this shown example case, only `Container-native Virtualization` would be checked by default.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- This access point is unique in that dialog's form will default to only include data for the relevant component. `Container-native Virtualization` would be the only component checked in this case, for example.
```

Attempted to re-word this a bit to make the behavior clearer, feel free to adjust.

## 'Generate Diagnostic Report' dialog
![Generate Diagnostic Report dialog select](img/2-1-reportdialog.png)
![Generate Diagnostic Report dialog select](img/2-2-reportdialog-menu.png)

> - The user can select what products and what time period of information should be included in the report and `Generate` it. The default state when launched from masthead help or status card kebab would be all 3 products selected and 8 hour time period.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The user can select which components and what time period of information should be included in the report and `Generate` it. The default state when launched from masthead help or status card kebab would be all components selected over an 8 hour time period.
```

Referring to these as components rather than products probably makes sense. In the future some of the options in here may be freely available non-product operators installed from OperatorHub, rather than products.

![Generate Diagnostic Report dialog in progress](img/2-3-reportdialog-generating.png)
- Once generation has begun, the user can `Close` the dialog to return to the context they launched it from, or `View on Dashboard` to immediately be taken to the cluster dashboard.

## Report generation

### Generation in progress
![Cluster dashboard ongoing generation activity](img/3-1-clusterdash-generating.png)
- An ongoing activity appears that conveys the generation is in progress.

### Generation success

> ![Cluster dashboard generated status message](img/3-2-clusterdash-complete.png)

Reviewer 3: Should the message mention the components that are included in the report? If we support storing multiple reports at once, it might be helpful to be able to distinguish between them here. Same goes for the report generation failure scenario down below.

Reviewer 4: What about time when it was generated? We are going to keep the reports for some time so user may want to know it as well.

Author: I have updated the message to include the generated time and the count of components included in the report. This should help the user distinguish between them if there are many reports generated/failed at one time.

- Upon successful generation of the report, an informational status message appears with a `Download report` link that begins the download process in the user's browser.

![Cluster dashboard generated status message kebab](img/3-3-clusterdash-complete.png)

> - The user may `Delete` the report and message via the message kebab menu. It will otherwise be automatically deleted and the message cleared after 24 hours from generation.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- The user may `Delete` the report and message via the message kebab menu. It will otherwise be automatically deleted and the message cleared after time specified (by default 24 hours) from generation.
```

Author: Do we think this time period will be adjustable by some end user? I'm not certain it needs to be.

Reviewer 4: Yes, it will be from server side. The question is whether we want to expose it on the UI.

Author: I don't believe we really need to surface this setting to the user. It seems that they are really just in the business of downloading this report as soon as they are able, so I don't see them needing to retain it on the cluster for more than 24 hours. If they want it to not even exist even that long they can just delete it from the kebab menu. Moran seemed good with the 24 hour period as well, in the doc design.

Reviewer 4: Ack

### Generation failure
![Cluster dashboard failed status message](img/3-4-clusterdash-failed.png)
- If the report generation fails, a message appears with a `Retry` link to restart generation.

> ![Cluster dashboard failed status message](img/3-5-clusterdash-failed.png)

Reviewer 3: This image could probably be merged with the image above since the difference is so teeny. Might be my own personal preference though. 🙂

Author: Understood, in the future I'll merge these types of images.

- User may `Clear` the failure message via the kebab or this message will automatically be removed after 12 hours.

## Out of scope for 4.3
- Narrowing report generation by Project or Operator

> - Only include non-healthy components in report

Reviewer 4: Non-healthy components in report should be implemented by must-gather. @deads2k will this be part of 4.3?
